at Christmas where I will have dangerous
after I will have to the one where you have been
chosen jo you were chosen for a
emission of extravagance
the first is an idea that read
the trophies that reward the rn13
favorite stars of viewers
of gulli
I'm counting on you I know you'll be at
the height and that you will not be
this one we qua non to nora have
never so much
kia and you there you want my photo
good then everything
9-12 9 g killer here ladies gentlemen
got the nine studios this is where
in the basement and good day
thank you jean teulé says I do not stop
to say it once our name is you it is
I can not do you always
by waiting for them I think he made
whew
the